---

What is Neronumis?

Nerinumis (NERO) token serves as a share for the trading pool.
For each NERO, one USDC is produced which is used as a share for the trading pool.
When you swap NERO for USDC, the NERO used for the swap will be burned.
Thus, only NERO are in circulation which are used for the trading pool.

---

Where can I buy NERO tokens?

NERO can always be exchanged on our website at any time for a fixed value.
You can sell NERO via some centralised and decentralised exchanges such as Uniswap, Pancakeswap or Matcha DEX.
You can also swap NERO/USDC directly in your MetaMask wallet.
Swap NERO/USDC:
https://www.matcha.xyz/markets/1/0xf840099e75199255905284c38708d594546560a4/0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48

---

Do I have to pay any fees for buying or selling?

You pay only the network fees for the transaction, there are no additional fees.

---

How much does a NERO cost?

The price of one NERO increases every month fixed by 3%.
You can always see the current price on our website or directly when exchanging NERO/USDC

---

Are losses possible?

No, the price increase of one NERO is fixed at 3% and we buy and sell the tokens at any time at a fixed price via decentralised exchanges such as Uniswap.
If the token is listed on central exchanges and achieves a higher or lower value there, we still buy and sell the tokens decentrally at a fixed price.
However, this should cause the price on the central exchanges to adjust to ours.

---

How are the profits achieved?

Our team consists of several professional traders who monitor the crypto market 24/7 and manage the trading pool for you.
The trading pool consists of the investments that are generated by the exchange of NERO, these are combined in a pool, this then acts as a trading pool.
Experience shows that we generate 4–7% per month and can thus guarantee the fixed 3%.
The surplus goes to the traders and the company Neronumis Ltd.

---

Why don't I just trade myself?

Of course you can do that.
But we at Neronumis have made it our mission to offer people who do not want to deal 24/7 with chart analysis, indicators and news in the crypto world an easy way to participate in the market without having to deal with it 24/7.
The only thing you need to do is to set up a wallet (we recommend METAMASK) and keep your NERO shares secure in your wallet, we will do the rest for you.

---

How do I add NERO to my wallet?

To receive NERO in your wallet, you first need a wallet like Metamask.
Once you have downloaded the wallet of your choice, you need to add NERO as a token.
Simply use this link to add NERO direct to your MetaMask Wallet.
Add NERO to Metamask:
https://bit.ly/3FCxUqe

---

Is a KYC necessary to buy/sell NERO or is there a prohibition for US citizens?

No, you can buy or sell NERO completely anonymously, no matter where you come from.
